Company Overview

Aimvest Electrical Services was established in June 16 2021. It is located at Daang Hari Street,Sitio Taghangin, Barangay Maybancal, Morong, Rizal.Currently, the company is headed by the President/CEO Mr. Andy L.. Pagpaguitan ,and Vice President, Mrs. Thonielyn B. Pagpaguitan. The company’s team is composed of professional who provide 24-hours, 7days a week service. Aimvest Electrical Services staff are well-trained and knowledgeable on major system and software, also has technically participated in various tenders and negotiation with primary objective of meeting the increasing demand of communication system, construction and electrical power services. The company is an Electronic Security Service Provider that specializes in Electronic Security, Access Control, PABGM, CCTV Systems, Structured Cabling, Electrical Services and Building Constructions works. Our company, Aimvest Electrical Services can arrange service and maintenance agreements which are individually fitted to meet the specific requirements of every client.




Vision

To be a company well-known nationwide, to continuously deliver quality services and products, and to also provide the best, long-term solutions that answer our customer desires.




Mission

To develop long term partnerships with our business partners, to provide effective and reliable information technology solutions that will provide a cost- effective service to all of our clients with highest level of satisfaction
 


Our Commitment

On behalf of Aimvest Electrical Services, we thank you for showing interest in our company and allowing us to connect with you. We are committed to service excellence and, in an ever trying and challenging environment, our focus is directly on our internal and external partners. Such as, our employees and business partners. Success relies on service delivery on both counts and in so doing, we respect our partners and delight others as we would like to be delighted. We are a professional company with the resources to meet the commitments given in this company profile. We custom build your Security Systems to specifications whether in Retail, Industrial, Residential,Commercial Establishment and Financial Sectors etc. Aimvest Electrical Services assures timely response to customer service, user- friendly equipment, top class technical personnel support and an outstanding warranty and service scheme.

 

